<title>1018 Episode 62 Snowfield Kim Dokja (8)
"Please step aside."
Killer King did not back down despite Ji Eunyu's cold voice. Instead, he stared at Ye Hyunwoo, who was standing behind Ji Eunyu observing the situation.
"Hyunwoo, so you chose that path in the end."
Ye Hyunwoo turned his head away when their eyes met, as if he could not bear to meet his gaze. Averting his eyes from Ye Hyunwoo, Killer King looked back at Ji Eunyu and spoke.
"You cannot meet Kim Dokja."
"Kim Dokja."
With Ji Eunyu's words, stories rippled from her entire body. Ye Hyunwoo and Anna Croft opened their eyes wide. It was because they sensed the caliber of the stories emanating from her.
<&>「At least narrative-grade, and a caliber comparable to the Twelve Divine Seats of <Olympus>.」
Killer King was the only one who remained unfazed. Facing Killer King, Ji Eunyu asked.
"Do you really believe that man is 'Kim Dokja'?"
Black rain was drizzling across the night sky of Ragnarok. The stories of the fallen stars. Staring at the remnants of those stories scattered everywhere, Killer King spoke.
"Yes. That guy is Kim Dokja."
"Are you serious?"
Ji Eunyu glared at Killer King, unable to hide her disappointment.
"You know very well who the real Kim Dokja is."
"He left us a long time ago."
"What if he has returned?"
Killer King's eyes wavered.
"How can I believe that?"
"Because I saw him with my own eyes. At the 'Archives' in Bicheonhori."
The Archives in Bicheonhori. Killer King knew about that place, too.
"You must have heard the rumors, too. That there is an incarnation who devastated the 'New Murim District' and ascended to 'Ragnarok'."
Killer King was silent for a moment. He gazed at the distant sky, appearing to be deep in thought, or perhaps searching for a star lost long ago.
"Even if he has returned, it is too late now."
"Is it because of Yerin-ssi? I heard that he saved her."
While breaking through the mid-scenarios, Cha Yerin suffered injuries severe enough to damage her spiritual body.
At the time, Killer King barely managed to obtain the 'Holy Oil Fruit' with the help of Snowfield Kim Dokja, and was able to save his younger sibling.
"That has nothing to do with it."
"Then why are you stopping me?"
Killer King continued to stare at the sky. A single star twinkled in the distance. Killer King slowly opened his mouth.
"There was a story. And there was a boy who read that story."
"…"
"Born without knowing his parents or his origins, he lived relying solely on that story."
Ji Eunyu listened to the story in silence.
"The boy tried to resemble the protagonist of the story. He memorized the lines the protagonist muttered. He imitated the expressions the protagonist frequently made. He even mimicked his mannerisms."
"…"
"'I am Yoo Joonghyuk', 'I am Yoo Joonghyuk'…"
"That story…"
"His misfortune felt exactly like mine."
Killer King stared at Ji Eunyu with piercing eyes, as if piercing right through her.
"It seemed as though he were saying so. That this misfortune was special. That it was a privilege granted only to the protagonist."
At first glance, it sounded very similar to 'Kim Dokja's' story. But it was not Kim Dokja's story.
It was Killer King's story.
"Is that pity? Do you think he is similar to you?"
To Ji Eunyu's question, the boy who had grown up reading that story and imitating the protagonist answered.
"No one becomes an orphan by their own choice. I am merely speaking as a reader."
"What are you trying to say?"
"I know that 'Kim Dokja' isn't the 'protagonist' of the story we read. However—"
Killer King paused briefly before continuing.
"It suddenly occurred to me. Does the protagonist of the story we read also consider the man inside that tent a 'fake'?"
"…"
"Does Kim Dokja really think that 'Kim Dokja' is someone who must disappear?"
As Ji Eunyu hesitated to answer, Killer King asked again.
"What is your Kim Dokja saying?"
Ji Eunyu realized that this fight was unavoidable.
This is a battle to prove each other's reading.
A duel to prove each other's 'Kim Dokja' through the stories they have lived through.
"Because as the editor of this story, I am merely trying to erase him."
Killer King nodded.
"You are prepared, aren't you? This is a 'story'."
"Outer Gods won't interfere."
The clash between the two sparked in the air. However, the Outer Gods in the area did not react.
"Because they have no reason to step forward."
Neither the sleeping Outer Gods nor those who had just woken up intervened in the clash occurring at the center of the Disaster Faction. The reason was clear.
<&>「Now, two 'Fragments of Kim Dokja' will collide here.」
Regardless of which side won, the Outer Gods who revered the 'Oldest Dream' had no reason to intervene. If one of them were destroyed, the fragments would be theirs.
Killer King, having grasped the Outer Gods' intentions, gave a wry smile.
"At this rate, it was practically an empty house from the start."
The Outer Gods watched, and the constellations left their posts.
The only thing existing within this Disaster Faction right now was the fighting spirit of the two.
"Yerin-ah."
As Killer King opened his mouth, Cha Yerin stepped forward. Cha Yerin, meeting Ji Eunyu's gaze, bowed her head low and spoke.
"I'm sorry."
Ji Eunyu shook her head.
If Killer King had chosen to side with the other party, naturally his younger sibling would also take the same side. It was only natural.
"It's a shame. I wanted to talk more with you, Yerin-ssi."
Biting her lip, Cha Yerin quietly raised her fists. A swirling snowstorm wrapped around her two fists.
Killer King spoke.
"Step back, even now."
A faint link formed between the two siblings, and a controller appeared before Killer King's eyes.
<!>[Incarnation, 'Lee Seyeon' activates skill 'Battle Action Mode'!]
<!>[Battle Action Mode, the Killer King siblings' specialty.]
Seeing no sign of Ji Eunyu backing down, Killer King immediately activated the command.
"Dark Spinning Breaker."
<!>[Advanced Command activated successfully!]
Command input without a shred of hesitation. Killer King could now activate this technique, which was previously considered a finishing move, with great ease.
<@>[The exclusive trait of incarnation,' Lee Seyeon', is activated!]
<!>[The attack power of the corresponding command increases!]
The ground in the vicinity shook as Cha Yerin's claws, enveloped in [White Blue Energy], struck.
Kugugugu!
It was a truly formidable level of destructive power. It was a strike that would be difficult to block even for the constellations, let alone Ji Eunyu.
However, Ji Eunyu, who emerged from the dust, was completely unharmed. Cha Yerin's claws stopped right in front of her nose as she tightly wrapped the surrounding air with [Arachne's Threads].
Looking at the dazzling [White Blue Energy] contained within her claws, Ji Eunyu spoke.
"I'm sorry, but I didn't come here alone either."
Before Cha Yerin could even answer, a sharp dagger flew toward her side. As she hurriedly swung her claws to deflect the dagger, a glowing red eye met hers.
"Prophet."
Cha Yerin's expression hardened, and her movements quickened. As a series of [Fighting Action] combos—which could be used without commands—unleashed one after another, Anna Croft groaned and stepped back.
Despite facing none other than 'Anna Croft', Cha Yerin did not back down in the slightest. No, rather, it felt as though she was overwhelming her with pure physical strength.
"I did hear that you ate the Holy Oil Fruit, but honestly, this is surprising."
Cha Yerin's story was creating a fervent flow through her Story Vein.
Stories shining brightly, like type printed on clean paper.
The power of that story was contained within the fists and kicks flying in without a moment's respite.
Before long, Anna Croft's entire body was covered in wounds, large and small. No matter how exceptional an incarnation Anna Croft was, her forte was information warfare based on [Future Sight]. She was incompatible with Cha Yerin, a born martial artist. Nevertheless, Anna Croft did not appear flustered.
"You are more than I heard from Kim Dokja."
A shaken Cha Yerin was about to say something but hurriedly bent over. A stealthy killing intent. A flash of lightning swept through the air and grazed her head.
Admiring her reflexes, the opponent muttered,
"I didn't expect you to dodge it."
Cha Yerin recognized the owner of the lightning that had cut off her hair.
"Asuka Ren."
Asuka Ren, Japan's greatest incarnation, was there. Standing side by side with Anna Croft, she asked,
"You said you couldn't dodge it if I mentioned that name? Are you sure you can see the future?"
"The future associated with him often goes awry."
"Let's strike together."
Anna Croft activated [Foresight], and Asuka Ren protected her. As the two top-tier incarnations began their pincer attack, even Cha Yerin began to find herself gradually losing the upper hand.
Under the protection of [Foresight], which reads all battle information, Asuka Ren's sword strikes squeezed into her weak point faster than she anticipated.
A burst of story erupted with a "Pishuu!"
Cha Yerin bit her lip tightly. It was a situation where she truly had to fight with the resolve to kill her opponent. However, her command input was delayed.
Kugugugu!
A dust storm rose in front of the tent where Killer King was standing.
Ji Eunyu, having dodged Killer King's fist that flew through the air, spoke.
"[Hundred Steps Divine Fist]. You have mastered Yoo Joonghyuk's technique."
"I learned it after saving a dying Shaolin monk. Is yours [Cloud Steps]?"
Instead of answering, Ji Eunyu drew her sword from her bosom. Killer King also drew his crossbow.
"[Gangmashi]."
Arrows raining down from close range flew straight toward Ji Eunyu.
The moment Ji Eunyu dodged the arrows with [Ways of the Wind], Killer King spoke as if he had been waiting for this moment.
"[Blood Explosion]."
The flying Gangmashi exploded in unison. At the same time, his Stigmata residing in the arrowheads activated.
<&>「Commander of the Red Cosmos, Yophiel's [Unit 503].」
Small soldiers gripping sharp spears poured out from the red mist. Yophiel's Holy Soul, [Unit 503], which tears everything apart, had unleashed its power. At this close range, it was a blow that would inflict fatal wounds even on constellations of the narrative-grade.
Nevertheless, Ji Eunyu shuffled out, pushing through the red mist. Killer King, having confirmed the story protecting her body, muttered.
"[Protective Energy], [Repulsion Energy], and even [Immortal Body] on top of that… Just how many defensive techniques has you learned?"
The ability to withstand a narrative-grade Archangel's [Stigmata] solely through skill stacking.
But the real potential of Apostle Order Leader Ji Eunyu was not only this.
"I've never learned it."
"What?"
"I merely read it. Just—"
Ji Eunyu's sword moved.
"I just read it with all my might."
Watching the swordplay ripple as if alive, Killer King realized what kind of martial art it was.
<!>[Emperor Sword Form.]
It was the martial art of the annihilated Namgung clan. However, in a sense, it was not the [Emperor Sword Form] he knew.
"How—"
Firing dozens of demon-strengthening arrows at the charging Ji Eunyu, Killer King was reading someone's shadow within her.
"…Yoo Joonghyuk."
Her sword was different from Yoo Joonghyuk's. However, the desperation embedded in its explosive power reminded him of the man he had always admired.
How could such a thing be possible?
"Surely not."
No incarnation he knew could wield a sword like that. No matter how great her talent or how much grueling effort she had put in, it was an impossible task.
And Killer King, who remembered this story better than anyone, knew of a single characteristic that could make the impossible possible.
"[A Life of Full Power]."
A characteristic that allows one to unleash all their talents instead of living a predetermined lifespan.
Ji Eunyu approached, deflecting arrows, her steps deep. Watching her footsteps, Killer King realized something.
He, too, believed he had lived the past eight years doing his best. He thought he had worked hard and struggled.
<&>「The weight of the history lived is different.」
Even if one spends the same amount of time or reads the same stories, the sentences that accumulate within each person's inner self are different.
As if substituting all answers with her sword strikes, Ji Eunyu continued to swing her sword. Despite the barrage of arrows flying in real-time and the ensuing [Blood Explosion], the distance between the two was gradually narrowing.
When the distance finally closed to within a stone's throw, Ji Eunyu deflected the last arrow and spoke.
"There are incarnations waiting outside. They are all incarnations you know, too."
Killer King knew, too. He had felt a gaze peering in from outside the camp for quite some time.
The incarnations were watching their fight.
Among them were familiar figures. Bang Cheolsoo of the Inho faction. And even the beggars of the Beggars' Sect who had come from Seoul Station.
The incarnations who had endured the scenarios together were watching this battle.
"Your Kim Dokja has been sufficiently proven."
Watching Ji Eunyu aim her sword at him, Killer King realized. From the very beginning, she had no intention of continuing this fight to the end.
"No one will blame you."
She was trying to give him a chance.
"You know it, too. You know how this story will end if you leave Snow White alone."
"I don't know."
"No, you do know. Because you saw how Kyung Sein-ssi and Lee Dansu-ssi were abandoned."
Memories flowing like hallucinations.
Killer King shook his head once again.
"They weren't abandoned. They weeded out of their own accord."
"Do you really think so? Is the Kim Dokja you've been reading really saying that?"
The sharply honed sentence pierced Killer King's soul like the tip of a blade.
"I—"
Ji Eunyu took a breath and delivered the final blow.
"You have read this story too many times."
Killer King's crossbow shattered. Along with the crossbow that fell to the floor, Ji Eunyu spoke as if to bring the fight to an end.
"He is not Kim Dokja."
What defines Kim Dokja as Kim Dokja?
Killer King spoke with trembling lips.
"I think he is Kim Dokja."
"Who are you?"
Killer King could not answer.
Who is he? What exactly is he within this story?
Or what did he want to become?
<&>「He was merely a reader.」
All the understanding he had built was based solely on that flimsy text.
<&>「Despite so many 'rereads', he ultimately could not become anything to Kim Dokja.」
This relationship was nothing more than a one-sided bond forged by persistent and repeated reading.
Killer King answered, even while fully aware of this fact.
"I am his comrade."
"Does he think so too?"
"That doesn't matter..."
"He is a monster who intends to see the end of this world, even if it means destroying all his comrades. Do you really think someone like that could have comrades?"
Killer King's pupils trembled violently.
Ji Eunyu approached slowly and placed her hand on his shoulder.
"Even if it were Yoo Joonghyuk, he wouldn't stand by such a monster. You did your best. You can stop now."
Ji Eunyu walked past Killer King. Killer King could not stop her.
<&>「It has already been decided who understands this story better.」
Now, it was just over ten steps to the tent. Ji Eunyu slowly took an apple out of her bosom. It was time to execute the plan. Snow White. It was time to send the prince inside that tent into an eternal dream.
However, her steps stopped when she was three steps away from the tent.
"Second Apostle."
As she slowly turned her back, there stood Killer King, looking blank. An ominous energy surged from Killer King's entire body as he closed his eyes.
"You..."
Ji Eunyu, her expression hardening, gripped her sword tighter. The 'Recorder's' premonition was warning her.
A strange-shaped halo rose above Killer King's head, and a dazzling archangel's aura surged from his entire body. Along with a chilling sensation, a trembling energy seized the area.
Tsutsutsutsutsu!
An event powerful enough to cause a massive aftershock on the battlefield of 'Ragnarok'. Killer King was not merely borrowing the power of 'Yophiel'. For instance, this was—a probability akin to a moving nebula.
"I have not yet given my all."
Ji Eunyu gazed at Killer King with trembling eyes.
<&>「This is a reader who has read this world more than anyone else, and stakes everything.」
One by one, archangels began to appear behind him.
<!>[The constellation, 'Friend of Justice and Harmony', descends into the scenario!]
Archangel Raguel.
<!>[The constellation, 'One Who Faces God', descends into the scenario!]
Great Warrior Kamael.
<!>[The constellation, 'Lily of Aquarius', descends into the scenario!]
Archangel Gabriel.
<!>[The constellation, 'Commander of the Red Cosmos', descends into the scenario!]
And even Archangel Yophiel.
It was the moment the Archangels of <Eden>, feared by the Demon Kings, manifested their true forms in the scenario.
At the center of that breathtaking scene, the shadow of the Archangel with the largest wings fell.
<!>[The constellation, 'Scribe of Heaven', descends into the scenario!]
The Scribe of Heaven—Archangel Metatron. As the pure white hand of the Archangel touched Killer King's shoulder, his shoulder blade tore open and wings sprouted.
"You're right. Right now, he has no one.
Not even that Yoo Joonghyuk."
Amidst the scattering of pitch-black feathers, Killer King slowly opened his eyes and spoke.
"Therefore, now, someone must become his Yoo Joonghyuk."
<!>[The story, 'Gray Guardian', begins its storytelling.]

<?>Still 30 chapters +3 left.