<title>1039 Episode 63. Ragnarok (13)
Jung Heewon did not wake up immediately. Having escaped her inner world first, I laid the collapsed Jung Heewon down for a moment and then checked the stories of my entire body. Fortunately, there did not seem to be any major issues with my stories.
Just in time, the Handsome Monkey King, who found me waking up, asked with a brightened expression,
<@>[Oh, you're already awake?]
The Handsome Monkey King looked back and forth between the collapsed Jung Heewon and me, then asked with an expression that seemed to struggle to hide his shock,
<@>[Did you really defeat the 'Mad Emperor'?]
"She just fainted. I didn't really do anything."
In reality, there was nothing I did inside Jung Heewon. She shattered the illusion with her own strength, and all I did was reach out my hand to her. Even without me, she would have fully overcome her trial.
<!>[The constellation, 'Demon-like Judge of Fire', admires your activity!]
Uriel also seemed to be greatly delighted by Jung Heewon's safe return. I nodded toward the empty air as a greeting of gratitude. Watching that, the Handsome Monkey King narrowed his eyes and asked,
<@>[Are you also acquainted with that crazy archangel?]
"Uriel isn't crazy."
<@>[Until now, it was hard to even approach because that crazy angel kept wrapping around and protecting the Mad Emperor. I thought it was just a good match of crazy ones.]
"Heewon-ssi isn't crazy either."
<@>[Can you still say that after seeing that story?]
As if responding to his words, Jung Heewon's story wound around my fingertips.
<!>[The story, 'Regret, Devastation, Obsession' is delighted by your reunion!]
I smiled and untangled the story wrapped around my finger.
"Doesn't everyone have one or two crazy stories anyway?"
It was only after about ten minutes had passed that Jung Heewon regained consciousness.
"Heewon-ssi, are you awake?"
After waking up, Jung Heewon just shed tears while looking at me for a while. She grabbed both of my cheeks tightly as if to check something, and let out choking breaths.
"Dokja-ssi, are you okay? Since when, since when were you there?"
"I'm okay."
"Didn't it hurt? I'm so sorry. Really..."
I shrugged and replied,
"It was all an illusion anyway."
I recalled when I first entered the 'ichthyosaur' where Jung Heewon was sleeping. Honestly, I was flustered at first. Because as soon as I entered, Jung Heewon threw her sword at me without hesitation.
"It's okay since I didn't die."
To tell the truth, it did hurt. There was no way it wouldn't. But I had the [Fourth Wall], and I was relatively used to pain compared to others. I knew Jung Heewon was growing stronger by cutting me, so I didn't want to interfere with her growth.
"Still, don't ever do that again. Never."
"I understand."
Only after getting repeated promises from me did Jung Heewon let out a deep sigh and relax.
I was able to hear various stories from Jung Heewon about what had happened in the meantime. How she left the 'Bush of the Missing' after separating from me and participated in the 'main battlefield' with Yoo Joonghyuk. How she was chased by the army of catastrophes as soon as she entered the battlefield. And how she encountered 'Snowfield Kim Dokja' while fighting at the front line.
Up to that point, it was a story I had roughly anticipated.
Since Jung Heewon's life had been confirmed, I decided to ask everything I was curious about this time.
"What happened to Ji Eunyu-ssi? And the other companions?"
Jung Heewon slowly shook her head. Unfortunately, because she encountered 'Snowfield Kim Dokja' as soon as she joined the 'main battlefield', she didn't seem to have heard their news properly.
"Did you see <Kim Dokja's Company>?"
"<Kim Dokja's Company>?"
"The ones who came from the 1,864th turn..."
According to Ji Eunyu's information, Snowfield Kim Dokja had definitely clashed with <Kim Dokja's Company>.
"Ah."
Fortunately, Jung Heewon seemed to know about them.
"They are..."
As she spoke, Jung Heewon suddenly frowned and stumbled. The moment I hurriedly supported her, I felt a strong noise embedded in her story. The cause was clear.
<&>「Her memories have been sealed.」
Snowfield Kim Dokja had locked her memories. Why? Was there a reason I shouldn't read her memories?
"Heewon-ssi, are you okay?"
Jung Heewon's shoulders trembled faintly. Just by trying to recall the unclear memory, she seemed to feel a deep dread. Although she had only briefly seen 'Snowfield Kim Dokja', a deep fear of him was deeply engraved in her mind. It was perhaps natural. Because of him, she had been trapped in an illusion for a vast amount of time, killing me again and again.
"Actually, I'm not okay."
"Yes. I know."
"No. Dokja-ssi doesn't know."
She was someone who had mastered the Formless Sword Qi and could now even handle the Mind Sword. Even though she had reached a realm that would earn the respect of many Transcendents, her voice was filled with complete discouragement.
"Honestly, I don't feel like we can win against that existence at all."
"We can win."
At my confident words, Jung Heewon suddenly lifted her head. I gently wrapped my hands around her shoulders and continued speaking.
"If that bastard was truly strong, he wouldn't have done this to Heewon-ssi in the first place."
I had already heard about 'Snowfield Kim Dokja's' strength. For example, the story of how he exercised the authority of the 'Oldest Dream' to shoot down half of the constellations that descended on the 'main battlefield'. It was indeed a shocking power, but in fact, I didn't fully believe that story.
<&>「He hasn't become the 'Oldest Dream' yet.」
There was no way the current him could perform such miracles. The probability of the <Star Stream> wouldn't allow it either. If such a thing really happened, it must have been because he used some special method.
"He judged that Heewon-ssi would be an obstacle to his conclusion. In other words, Heewon-ssi is an important force that is threatening even to him."
Perhaps Snowfield Kim Dokja had some constraint that prevented him from killing the 41st turn's Jung Heewon. Still, he must have known very well that simply leaving her alive would interfere with his conclusion.
"But Heewon-ssi has eventually woken up, and now we can win. Look, we already have a stellar lineup gathered."
Before we knew it, the other 'Kings' were standing behind us: the Handsome Monkey King, the Abyssal Black Flame Dragon, and the Mass Production Maker.
Jung Heewon muttered as if in sigh,
"You've persuaded them all."
"Yes. Lastly, I need Heewon-ssi's help."
"Help."
Jung Heewon repeated my words blankly. I nodded at her and said,
"Yes. Please go with me to the main battlefield. Of course, if you don't want to, you may refuse."
Every time I made an shameless request, I felt like a heavy weight was hanging in my heart. Someone might ask what the point of asking was when I knew she wouldn't refuse. Nevertheless, I had to ask every time. To let her know, or to let myself know, that such requests could be refused at any time—I had to keep asking.
A relationship of trust is like that. Not binding the other person with one's own will. Even if you trust them and know their heart, checking and confirming that heart once again.
"You know my answer."
"Still, I want to ask."
I thought that this time, her answer might be different. Because I didn't know the pain she had gone through, or the fear she felt toward my brother.
"Let's go together."
Nevertheless, I knew she would answer that way.
"Thank you."
Because Jung Heewon was that kind of person. Because she was someone who would not bend her beliefs no matter what. I firmly believed that only such a person could witness the final conclusion.
[Will we depart immediately? The preparations are complete.]
As if the waiting had been long enough, the Mass Production Maker urged. We immediately stepped out of Orochi. We planned to go straight to where the 'door' was by ship.
But what was this? Near the ship parked in the distance, there was a crowd gathered.
<&>「Someone was surrounding the Mass Production Maker's warship.」
Even at a glance, there were hundreds of constellations. There were familiar faces, and some who were not.
The Mass Production Maker clicked his tongue and muttered,
[Oh, they are the residents.]
Residents? Finding them, Jung Heewon responded,
"They are the people who lived inside my territory."
I belatedly recalled the existences that had hidden in the mud huts. The Mass Production Maker added in a pitying tone,
[They are the ones who luckily escaped the 'main battlefield' or survived the 'giant battlefield'.]
Having heard the explanation, I now understood why their faces looked familiar.
Just in time, perhaps finding us, one of the crowd surrounding the warship stepped forward and shouted,
[You guys! You're planning to open the 'door', right?]
I wondered if they wanted to go with us, but looking at their expressions, they were completely terrified. I felt like I knew what purpose they had gathered for.
[We cannot let you do that!]
[You cannot go! You must not open that door!]
[How dare you touch that door...]
[Kings! Are you in your right minds? Don't you all know what will happen if we open the 'door' now!]
Along with the voices pouring out at once, the dark sky of the 'Hall' began to shine brightly. Those stars had gathered to stop us from opening the door to the 'main battlefield'. Seeing the sky filled with constellations that had been hiding until now made me feel strange. The night sky of the <Star Stream>, which had been so dark when I needed help, was shining so brightly just to block me.
The Mass Production Maker spoke gently,
[We aren't asking you to come with us, so please step aside.]
[We cannot do that!]
The Abyssal Black Flame Dragon yawned lazily, and the Handsome Monkey King picked his ear as if bored. Jung Heewon and the Mass Production Maker glanced at me without adding any more words. They were probably leaving the choice to me.
I slowly spoke,
"No matter what you say, the 'door' will eventually open. Don't waste your time and step aside."
If necessary, I could have opened the way with [Incite] or swept them all away with a story, but I deliberately did not do so. Perhaps it was the last bit of pity remaining in me.
However, there was one star that trampled on that pity.
[I knew you would react that way.]
I recognized the face of the constellation who stepped forward as he said that.
[It has been a long time, Demon King of Salvation. Do you remember me?]
I stared at his face, which was covered with a double eye patch, and was newly amazed. My god, that constellation was still alive?
<&>「King Oedipus.」
'The one who stabbed his own eyes' - King Oedipus. The star who had hindered me at the 'Recycling Center' and a historical-grade constellation of <Olympus> was here.
[Please give up on the 'door'. If you open that door, all the constellations here will die.]
"I'm sorry, but the door must be opened."
[If you persist, we have no choice but to use strong measures.]
I let out a smirk.
"Strong measures?"
Sensing the status boiling from my entire body, King Oedipus stumbled back. It was inevitable. I now possessed power comparable to a Myth-grade constellation, while he was merely a historical-grade constellation.
He quickly bowed his head with a servile expression and shouted,
[G-Great existence! I know your strength very well! But we have no choice this time. If you open that 'door', everything is finished. Everyone here will die!]
As if he couldn't back down even with such a gap in status, King Oedipus continued his true voice while trembling.
[I heard... you cherish your companions very much.]
As King Oedipus gestured lightly, someone was seen being dragged from behind him. An ominous premonition struck me in an instant.
[So please show mercy and do not open the door.]
King Oedipus pointed his sword at the existence kneeling behind him and said,
[Please, value your companion this time as well.]
In an instant, my blood felt like it was running cold. Because the person Oedipus was pointing at was someone I also knew very well.
