<title>587 Episode 6. Star Relic (4)
A short while later, we descended into the subway and ate ground rat meat. This was to gain the 'contamination resistance effect' of the meat.
We had made ground rat jerky beforehand at Geumho Station, and it came in handy at times like this.
"What, are you eating alone?"
Jung Heewon, who had just returned from washing her face, took a big bite of the jerky I was holding and murmured,
"Did anything fun happen?"
"Why?"
"Because you all look like you're having fun."
"Hihihi."
Kyung Sein laughed strangely, and even Dansoo ahjussi had a subtle smile on his face.
I replied.
"We were doing some volunteer work."
"Volunteer work?"
<!>[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' praises the good deeds of the incarnations.]
Well, I wouldn't call it volunteer work, since we got paid.
<!>[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' says that the spirit of the Korean Peninsula is not dead yet.]
At the constellation's sudden message, Jung Heewon stared at the air and tilted her head.
"Bald?"
<!>[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' warns her not to end that sentence.]
As it turned out, Jung Heewon was still unfamiliar with concepts like 'constellation' and 'incarnation'.
I briefly explained it.
"I understand roughly what a constellation is. It's like a god, right?"
"That's right."
"So that's why Inho-ssi and the others have repaired the bald...... god's statue?"
A disturbing spark fluttered over Jung Heewon's head, so I hastily added,
"He's not a bald god, he's the Bald General. His real name is Samyeongdang, and he was a great person in Korea. An excellent man."
<!>[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' calms down.]
"Samyeongdang is a Buddhist monk, right?"
Come to think of it, Jung Heewon didn't know much about Korean history.
I tried to think of a way to explain, but Kyung Sein replied instead.
"Samyeongdang was a monk in the middle of the Joseon Dynasty. During the Japanese Invasion of Korea, he defended the Korean Peninsula by leading monk soldiers against the Japanese troops."
Jung Heewon's eyes widened.
"Sein is smart."
"Hehe."
Kyung Sein winked at me.
In fact, her explanation was an imitation of Yoo Sangah's. It was a masterful response.
Jung Heewon asked,
"So these are all the items Samyeongdang gave you?"
I nodded.
"That's right."
Samyeongdang's 'sponsorship'. The shiny bag contained three items.
<!>[Samyeongdang's Beads]
<!>[Samyeongdang's Straw Mat]
<!>[Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick]
'Samyeongdang's Beads' and 'Samyeongdang's Straw Mat' were items that also appeared in the 3rd turn. It was the last item, the 'Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick', that was important.
+
[Item Information]
Name: Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick
Rating: Star Relic
Description: A star relic of the 'Bald General of Justice', a historical-grade constellation of the Korean Peninsula. Unfortunately, it has been damaged due to poor storage.
As an add-on, it increases Physique by 1 and Magic Power by 1, and provides a significant boost to magic resistance.
It can deal additional damage to ghost species and other heteromorphic monsters.
+
This time, I couldn't help but gasp.
I never thought I'd get another star relic.
An item that even Kim Dokja thought about but never actually got.
<!>[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' shrugs it off.]
I suppose that meant our actions pleased Samyeongdang.
I didn't know who had broken the statue, but I was grateful.
"Let's distribute the items."
The first thing I picked up was the Samyeongdang's Straw Mat. In fact, the owner of this item had already been determined.
"Me? Why?"
Jung Heewon, who received the straw mat, asked, tilting her head.
"I just thought it would look good on you."
Kyung Sein, who was beside her, nodded enthusiastically.
Jung Heewon looked down at the item hesitantly, but then made up her mind and put on the straw mat.
This completed her initial setup in the 3rd turn, which included 'Samyeongdang's Straw Mat' and the 'ground rat knife'.
Kyung Sein was impressed and whispered to me.
"I never thought I'd get to see Heewon-nim's 'early setup' with my own eyes..."
As if sensing something, Jung Heewon glanced over suspiciously. We quickly clapped our hands and cheered.
"It looks good on you."
"Unni, you look great!"
Dansoo ahjussi, who had been standing still, chimed in.
"You look just like an outlaw in the wilderness."
"Really?"
Jung Heewon looked back and forth at her reflection in the screen door in disbelief.
For reference, when Kim Dokja saw that scene in the original, he commented.
<&>「Actually, no matter how you look at it, it looks like a beggar's blanket.」
He may have written that, but he had probably been smiling. We watched Jung Heewon's excitement for a moment before deciding who would own the rest of the items.
We decided that Kyung Sein would get the 'Samyeongdang's Beads', which has magic resistance, while Dansoo ahjussi would get the 'Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick', which increases magic stats.
Kyung Sein asked in an apologetic voice.
"If you give them all to us, what about Inho-ssi?"
"I'm okay. I already have a star relic."
Dansoo ahjussi was overjoyed to have his first star relic, swinging the bamboo stick through the air. He even gave it a name.
"Wilson."
That was strange. I thought the bracelet was named Wilson.

***

After completing the preparations, we entered the tunnel heading straight for Chungmuro.
While Dansoo ahjussi used his [Diverse Communication] to sense danger ahead, Jung Heewon and Kyung Sein talked in hushed voices.
"It's creepy here. A ghost might come out. I think I hear strange cries, too..."
"Don't say that. You can't kill ghosts with a knife."
Come to think of it, it was about time for that 'monster' to come out.
Just as I was wondering if I should warn my companions, I heard a welcome message in my ear.
—This guy closes his eyes every time he sees me.
It was Bihyung's 'dokkaebi communication'.
I looked up and smirked.
'I haven't seen you much lately, so I closed my eyes.'
—Are you being sarcastic? I only just managed to find some free time. The number of kids doing weird stuff has dropped significantly.
The number had dropped significantly. Normally, this would be good news, but this time, it felt ominous. I had a feeling who those 'kids doing weird stuff' were.
—And the constellations' situation is weird too...... And what have you done to get cursed by the constellations? Some of them are targetting you these days.
Constellations that are after me?
—Shit, there they go again. I'm leaving.
With those words, Bihyung cut off the communication.
Since we had a stream contract, he must have checked in on me.
Regardless, the constellations were cursing me.
I had a feeling what kind of people they were.
I guessed it was the 'Plague-Carrying Rat' we fought earlier. Maybe more people from the Misreading Association had possessed constellations.
"Stop it. I really hate ghosts."
"Do I still look like Sein?"
The two were still talking about ghosts.
By now, we were more than halfway through the tunnel. It was time to get ready.
I unwrapped the 'Thoughts of Almost Everything' from my wrist.
It was shaped like a bracelet now, but it had the ability to mimic any item it touched.
I opened the list of items that could be mimicked.
+
[Possible Mimicry List]
1. Magic Restoration Bracelet
2. Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick
.......
+
In preparation for this time, I put a few items on the mimicry list.
'Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick' was a top-rated item, so it had a separate condition, but fortunately, the requirement was to 'have contact with the idea for at least 10 minutes', so I was able to meet it without any issues.
<!>[You have selected 'Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick'.]
<!>[The item is top-rated.]
<!>[The item can be mimicked for 1 hour.]
One hour. That's more than enough.
The problem is.
<!>['Thoughts of Almost Everything' refuses to mimic.]
This guy could refuse mimicry commands.
Two long, narrow eyes and a mouth appeared on the ring of the bracelet, emitting a small babbling sound.
"Si-jyo."
That was the only downside to the item ego, the 'Thoughts of Almost Everything'.
I couldn't transform it whenever I wanted.
Of course, I had a solution.
<!>[The exclusive skill 'Incite Lv.4' is activated!]
"From now on, you are the 'Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick'."
<!>[Incite is effective!]
"Jyo—jyo!"
With a mystic light, the bracelet's form began to change.
<!>['Thoughts of Almost Everything' has become 'Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick'.]
<!>[The duration of the mimicry is 1 hour.]
Sure enough, it looked exactly like 'Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick'. The performance was the same.
<!>[The constellation 'Bald General of Justice' is shocked!]
<!>[The constellation 'Sneaky Schemer' asks if it's a scam.]
Surprised, Jung Heewon poked her head over my shoulder.
"Huh. That looks exactly like Dansoo ahjussi's bamboo stick?"
"I made it for you."
"What? For me?"
"I'm not giving it to you, I'm just lending it to you for a while."
Jung Heewon took the bamboo stick, swung it around, and tilted her head.
"It looks strong. But I have a knife already?"
"Hold on to that. You'll need it. You said earlier that you can't kill ghosts with a knife, but this can."
"What's wrong with you, Inho-ssi, really?"
"I'm not kidding, something is really about to come out. Hit everything you see with this."
In the original story, they had Kim Dokja and Lee Hyunsung to restrain her, but if Jung Heewon went on a rampage here, none of us would be able to stop her.
That was why the 'Damaged Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick' with its magic resistance was a must-have for Jung Heewon.
Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi already had a bad feeling about what lay ahead.
"Is everyone ready?"
Kyung Sein whispered as she shook the 'Samyeongdang's Beads' on her wrist.
"It's 'Phantom Prison' time now, isn't it? But what are you going to do, Inho-ssi? You don't have any magic resistance items."
"I don't need them."
"What?"
As soon as she spoke, something like a fog began to gather around us.
"Be careful, everyone. It's starting."
The final gateway before Chungmuro had finally begun.
<!>[A new sub scenario has arrived!]
+
[Sub Scenario — Phantom Prison]
Category: Sub
Difficulty: D~F
Clear Conditions: Escape from Phantom Prison within the time limit.
Time Limit: 1 hour
Reward: 300 coins
Failure: ???
+
<!>[Sub scenario — 'Phantom Prison' has begun!]
The rising fog quickly covered the tunnel.
My sense of space became disoriented, and Kyung Sein and Dansoo ahjussi, who were right beside me, vanished.
I heard their voices from afar like hallucinations.
"Jiyoon?"
"U-uaaa!"
Phantom Prison is a space that touches the traumas of incarnations and leads them to madness.
Trapped in this fog, incarnations were forced to face their most horrific memories.
"Sein-ssi! Dansoo ahjussi! Heewon-ssi! Everyone, wake up, it's all an illusion!"
I shouted, but my voice only echoed hollowly through the fog.
The only reassuring thing was that everyone else in the group was wearing magic resistance items.
They would be panicking, but they should have no trouble escaping the Phantom Prison.
The problem was me.
I didn't have Samyeongdang's Beads or Samyeongdang's Bamboo Stick.
I also lacked the [Fourth Wall] or the [破魔 (Destroy Evil)] skill like Kim Dokja in the original.
But I wasn't worried.
To be honest, I was almost curious to see what I would face.
<!>['Phantom Prison' is experiencing a temporary error!]
Because I didn't have any memories that could be considered traumatic.

***

Author's Note
Thanks.
