<title>623 Episode 14 Hunting (2)
Oddly enough, I felt that way.
I was sure that the guys who committed illegal acts in real life would do something similar here.
—That can't be. How tight is the security of our Bureau...
Even as Bihyung said that, he seemed to notice that there was an uncomfortable corner somewhere.
—Stay still. I'll find out and return shortly.
Even after Bihyung disappeared, the provocations of the constellations of the Misreading Association continued.
<!>[The constellation 'Rat That Spreads the Plague' says it's useless no matter how much bug-like humans struggle.]
<!>[The constellation 'Snake That Cut Its Own Tail' says it's very amusing.]
<!>[The constellation 'Rat That Spreads the Plague' says that the illegal stream is the best.]
Seeing the messages resounding loudly, Kyung Sein frowned.
"Those bastards."
"Never mind them."
Seeing them suddenly so noisy, I thought it would be safe for the time being.
In retrospect, the 'Rat That Spreads the Plague' was severely damaged by Asmodeus, and the 'Snake That Cut Its Own Tail' must have used too much probability to bestow protection on the '6th-grade lizardmen' in the theater dungeon.
In other words, there wasn't much room left for them anymore.
"The Snake That Cut Its Own Tail."
<!>[The constellation 'Snake That Cut Its Own Tail' is glaring at you.]
"I heard that Killer King sent his regards. Did you receive them well?"
<!>[The constellation 'Snake That Cut Its Own Tail' is exerting its status over you!]
Sparks faintly wrapped around my body.
Still, just hearing the threat of a constellation and an indirect message sent chills down my spine.
I would never have thought that this degree of probability would still remain in the 'Snake That Cut Its Own Tail'.
It was the moment when I was suffocating little by little due to the pressure that was slowly rising.
<!>[The constellation 'Goryeo's First Sword' says that if they don't shut their mouths, he will rip them open.]
The message that flew through the air blew away the pressure as if it had been washed away.
It was indeed Cheok Jungyeong.
<!>[The constellation 'Snake That Cut Its Own Tail' is flustered.]
<!>[The constellation 'Snake That Cut Its Own Tail' warns him not to meddle in other people's business.]
Wait a second. Are you going against Cheok Jungyeong?
Are you crazy?
<!>[The constellation 'Snake That Cut Its Own Tail' warns him not to mess with the grand status.]
<!>[The constellation 'Goryeo's First Sword' tells them to keep talking if they want to die.]
Or are those the eyes of someone who hasn't finished reading the novel yet?
<!>[The constellation 'Rat That Spreads the Plague' sneers at the threat of 'Goryeo's First Sword'.]
<!>[The constellation 'Snake That Cut Its Own Tail' is silent, claiming the old man has lost his mind.]
<!>[The constellation 'Goryeo's First Sword' warns them that if they say one more word, he will throw his sword.]
<!>[The constellation 'Snake That Cut Its Own Tail' tells him to cut it if he can.]
<!>[The constellation 'Rat That Spreads the Plague' sneers, asking if he even knows where they live.]
Indeed. Maybe it was because they used to only write malicious comments in real life, but their aggro skills were excellent.
<!>[The constellation 'Prisoner of the Golden Headband' scratches his ears, complaining that it is noisy.]
<!>[The constellation 'Abyssal Black Flame Dragon' warns them to fight with their fists like men instead of barking.]
That's how the constellations in the channel frowned one by one, and the moment Cheok Jungyeong finally made a decision.
<!>[The constellation 'Goryeo's First Sword' draws his sword.]
A faint sound of electric sparks resounded in the sky, and the disappeared Bihyung returned.
<!>[Please calm down, Constellations. I will adjust the channel settings for a moment.]
The guy who was gasping for breath seemed to be exhausted.
—You... How the hell did you know?
Bihyung, who revealed a translucent shape in the air, spoke to me in a disbelieving voice.
—These bastards, they are the ones who went through the illegal route created by the Six Beaks.
I knew that.
These guys were committing illegal things here too.
"So it seems. Are they going to be penalized?"
—A notice will come out from the Bureau soon. These bastards have been watching the channel without paying a single fee until now.
After a while, a system message was heard in the air.
<!>[The Bureau's sanctions list has been updated.]
<!>[The channel access of the constellation 'Snake That Cut Its Own Tail' has been temporarily restricted.]
<!>[The channel access of the constellation 'Rat That Spreads the Plague' has been temporarily restricted.]
Apparently, there were other guys besides them who were subscribing to the channel illegally.
I admired the excellent and prompt action of the Bureau. It would have been nice if sanctions were done this quickly in real life.
—This time, the matter was serious, so the Bureau decided to add a tracking request. I'm going to hire a fixer to collect the fine.
"Who are you going to send?"
I didn't even have to ask.
It was because a message from the Bureau came straight away.
<!>[The constellation 'Goryeo's First Sword' has accepted the Bureau's request to be the cleaner.]
Misreading Association guys, you’re going to have a hard time for a while.
It was then that Yoo Joonghyuk, who had been looking up into the sky, opened his mouth.
"Lee Jihye. Kim Namwoon."
It seems our protagonist has finally finished organizing his thoughts. The Misreading Association wasn’t even there anymore; it was really good timing.
"Go to Myeongdong Station. When you arrive near Myeongdong Station, you will see a large cathedral. Retrieve the holy relic in the cathedral."
"Okay, Captain. What's the name of the relic?"
"You'll know when you see the Saint's Smile."
There was a memory that came to mind the moment I heard the name.
<&>「The Saint's Smile. A holy relic found in Myeongdong Cathedral, containing the protection of an archangel. If you set Jung-gu as the early farming route, make sure to secure this relic first.」
It was strange.
This is an item that doesn't even appear in Omniscient Reader's Viewpoint.
Have I ever written a note like this?
Yoo Joonghyuk continued to speak.
"Lee Hyunsung, go southeast along the road to Seoul Tower. There is an empty lot at the top. Your mission is to retrieve the meteorite that fell there."
"Yes, I understand."
Meteorite that fell on Seoul Tower.
<!>[Dark Iron, the material for the Dark Sky Demon Sword. Often found in the rainbow meteorite.]
As expected, the sentence came naturally this time too. I was nervous, but there was no time to think about the sentence.
It was because Yoo Joonghyuk immediately looked at our group.
"Dansoo."
He didn't expect him to remember his name, so he was a little surprised.
"You follow Lee Jihye and Kim Namwoon."
"Come quickly, mister. If you're late, I'll leave you behind."
Dansoo ahjussi turned around as if asking if it was okay, so I silently nodded.
To maximize growth at the beginning of the scenario, splitting the party here was the right choice.
Moreover, if his companions were Lee Jihye and Kim Namwoon, there was nothing to say.
"Please take good care of ahjussi."
At my words, Lee Jihye winked at me as if telling me to stop worrying.
Yoo Joonghyuk then looked at Kyung Sein.
"You."
"Yep!"
Kyung Sein, who was in high spirits as if she were a private soldier, stood upright.
"You move with Lee Hyunsung."
"All right!"
"Thank you, Sein-ssi."
"Me too! I really want to be like Hyunsung-ssi!"
"Yes? Like me? Why?"
Kyung Sein, who was next to Lee Hyunsung, laughed hysterically.
That person obviously had a favorite Jung Heewon, but what happened?
In any case, Yoo Joonghyuk’s judgment of dividing the party was excellent.
Dansoo ahjussi has good application skills, but lacks actual combat experience with other people.
Putting Lee Jihye and Kim Namwoon together, who are strong in interpersonal battles, must mean that he should watch and learn from them.
It was the same in the case of Kyung Sein. Kyung Sein had a natural physique and a good sense as a fighter, but she was not as quick to switch offense and defense like Lee Hyunsung.
It was clear.
The reason why the two were paired was that Yoo Joonghyuk highly praised Kyung Sein's growth potential.
Yoo Joonghyuk stepped forward one last time and looked back at Jung Heewon.
"The two of you, follow me."
***
After Dansoo ahjussi and Kyung Sein left with the party, Jung Heewon and I followed Yoo Joonghyuk.
Jung Heewon had a lot of hostility from earlier, as if she didn't like the way he arbitrarily split and gave orders to the party.
"I don't like it, but should I go with you?"
"Be patient. He’s not doing it with bad intentions. Rather, it's a positive sign."
The mere fact that Yoo Joonghyuk naturally included us in his party was enough to touch me.
Who is this Yoo Joonghyuk? It's not another Yoo Joonghyuk, it's Yoo Joonghyuk from the 41st turn.
If I meet Kim Dokja later, I will definitely tell him about what happened today.
"Are you going north?"
Because Yoo Joonghyuk sent a wary look, I laughed shamelessly.
"Don’t you have a younger sister in the north? Are you worried?"
"You bastard."
"If you don't get her right now, the timing will be difficult."
As I said it, I wondered what I was talking about.
Because I was Cheon Inho.
And Cheon Inho, in the 40th turn, had killed all of Yoo Joonghyuk’s acquaintances.
Even if Yoo Joonghyuk pulled out a great spear and stabbed me to death, I had nothing to say.
Yoo Joonghyuk stopped walking, glared at me for a moment, and then said to Jung Heewon.
"Is your name Jung Heewon?"
"So what?"
"A sniper is hiding on the ninth floor of the building ahead. Eliminate them and return."
Jung Heewon looked carefully at the building Yoo Joonghyuk pointed at.
"Looks like nothing is there?"
"Go."
At Yoo Joonghyuk’s words, a fiery heat and bloodthirstiness radiated from Jung Heewon's body.
I quickly interjected.
"Heewon-ssi."
"Are you okay?"
Jung Heewon and I both know that there are no snipers in that building.
"It’s okay."
Jung Heewon sighed lightly, and eventually shook her hand and stepped forward.
"Don't die before I get back."
"I don't die that easily."
"Then why do you keep dying?"
"Go ahead."
With the sound of the cool wind, Jung Heewon disappeared into the building. Even after her figure disappeared, Yoo Joonghyuk did not open his mouth for a while.
He was looking at the distant sky with solemn eyes. I could see the dark sunset dwelling in his pupils, burning red.
"Cheon Inho."
"Yes."
"Are you really Cheon Inho?"
As expected, Yoo Joonghyuk seemed to have noticed.
"That is a philosophical question. How do you see it?"
Yoo Joonghyuk looked at me quietly and then spoke.
"If you play the role of 'Cheon Inho', you are still Cheon Inho."
"Then I am Cheon Inho."
I don't know if he liked my answer or not. However, Yoo Joonghyuk just looked at me with the same eyes as usual.
From the side of the building, the sound of thrashing was heard. I don't know, but it seemed that Jung Heewon was beating everything up.
How much time has passed?
Yoo Joonghyuk opened his mouth with a voice that seemed to spread ripples on the calm surface of the water.
"Then, to Cheon Inho, I’ll ask."
Yoo Joonghyuk was watching me.
No, it was more like looking at the empty space between me and him.
As if he could sense the invisible wall there.
"Who the hell is 'Kim Dokja'?"
